docs: add access monitoring notice for external audit storage (#40576)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/access-monitoring.mdx

Users are able to write their own custom access monitoring queries by querying the audit log.

<Admonition type="notice">
  Access Monitoring is not currently supported with External Audit Storage

>   in Teleport Enterprise (cloud-hosted). A upcoming version will support Access Monitoring in
>   that configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in Teleport Enterprise (cloud-hosted). This functionality will be
  enabled in a future Teleport release.
```

### Query Examples with Assist AI

> The query editor also integrates with Teleport Assist, allowing to generate queries with a human-readable description of the data you want to retrieve.

Reviewer: This sounded better before IMO. I don't think _allowing to_ is grammatically correct. (allowing _who_ to?)

Author: "easy" is tagged as a error now in the linting why I changed it. Will look for some other options. Any suggestions @ptgott ?

Reviewer 2: I think "allowing you to" is fine, as the sentence already indicates that the data is something the reader wants to retrieve.

Author: Please see verbiage update
